Hi!
Today I want to introduce to you a new social network with the emphasis on
geneology. Have you ever got bored by explaining to your kids (over and over
again) who is, let's say aunt Agatha to them? What's her relations with their
uncle Tom, etc? Drawing family genealogy trees by hand could be quite
cumbersome, not talking about maintaing family legends. Well, our app aims at
easing these things down a bit. You just register and put together the info
about your relatives here, and the app will keep track of their relations for
you. For each relative the app automatically draws their ancestor tree and
their descendants tree, based on the info you provided when describing this
relative, and per each person all you have to do is correctly point out his-her
parents. It might be ponderous enough to describe all your relatives by
yourself. Let them help you! Once they are registered and you confirm that they
are your relatives, the whole tree becomes available to them and they can start
adding more details to it. 
Let's see how it works.
I've created a sample family in this app with made-up names and photos just so
that you could see how it works. Here I am logging in and the first thing I am
getting is a list of all my relatives. Each one is clickable so that I can get
to his page and see/add photos with this person, read or add legends, and
what's even more cool - can see the trees of his ancestors and descendants.
Let's have a look at one. the tree nodes represent in this case all ancestors
of this dude and each ancestor is clickable. From the page of this particular
grandfather we can see his own descendants just as easy. Let's try and add a
new relative. 
